# RogueCore-Template

Project reflected C++ classes generated by [UE4SS UHT Generator](https://github.com/UE4SS-RE/RE-UE4SS).
All errors are fixed using <b>Claude Code</b>.
You can use these tools to generate a RogueCore project yourself.

## Usage
To use, click use this as a template, [clone](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/adding-and-cloning-repositories/cloning-and-forking-repositories-from-github-desktop) or fork the repository and follow these steps:
* Copy all of your files from your old RogueCore projects (if you have any) to the Content folder.
* Double click on RogueCore.uproject to open the project!

If you want to generate a .sln file (or regenerate if one already exists), from inside Unreal Engine, navigate to File -> Create Visual Studio Project e.g. File -> Create Visual Studio Solution. It will then create a new solution file in the same directory as your project.

**If you have any code changes that you have made to the template source, please make an [issue](https://github.com/iriscats/RogueCore-Template/issues) on this repository so that I can add it to the template when I generate the next version.**

## Commit Tags
There are 3 types of commits that will be made to inform when you might want to upgrade to the newest version of the template:
* **MAJOR**: When you absolutely MUST upgrade to the newest. This will likely be for major game updates.
* **MINOR**: When you should consider updating as there are fixes or improvements, but you don't have to.
* **PATCH**: When the change is so small that you can have a look at what changed to see if you should bother to update, but doesn't really matter if you don't want to.
* **README**: Just an update to the README.md file.

Enjoy! 